iosxr-ShowBgpInstanceNeighborsDetail - Fix RegEx (#510)
CiscoTestAutomation/genieparser: changelog/undistributed/changelog_iosxr_ShowBgpInstanceNeighborsDetail_20210821.rst

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                            Fix
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* IOSXR
    * Modified ShowBgpInstanceNeighborsDetailSchema:

>         * Modified key 'remote_as','local_as_as_no' to Or(int, str). This captures dotted Notation ASN which is string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * Modified key 'remote_as','local_as_as_no' to capture dotted Notation ASN.
```
